quick-start-with-tidb: add a note to clarify the example ip (#5865)
pingcap/docs: quick-start-with-tidb.md

The smallest TiDB cluster topology is as follows:

**Note:**
>

> > The IP of the following instances is the example IP. In actual deployment, you need to replace with the actual IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The IP address of the following instances only serves as an example IP. In your actual deployment, you need to replace the IP with your actual IP.
```
